add support for studio trace id in selectors and document context entry (#5189)
apollographql/router: docs/source/customizations/rhai-api.mdx

</Note>

## Available constants

> You can access provided constants, it's mainly context keys to use when you want to fetch data from the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The router provides constants for your Rhai scripts that mostly help you fetch data from the context.
```

> You can access to provided constants, it's mainly context keys to use when you want to fetch data from the context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can access provided constants, it's mainly context keys to use when you want to fetch data from the context.
```

```
Router.APOLLO_SDL // Context key to access the SDL
Router.APOLLO_START // Constant to calculate durations
Router.APOLLO_AUTHENTICATION_JWT_CLAIMS // Context key to access authentication jwt claims
Router.APOLLO_SUBSCRIPTION_WS_CUSTOM_CONNECTION_PARAMS // Context key to modify or access the custom connection params when using subscriptions in WebSocket to subgraphs (cf subscription docs)
Router.APOLLO_ENTITY_CACHE_KEY // Context key to access the entity cache key
Router.APOLLO_OPERATION_ID // Context key to get the value of apollo operation id (studio trace id) from the context
```

> 

Reviewer 3: @shorgi Not urgent, but this probably needs some other visual treatment.
